npm is not node package manager. It's a package manager however. 
All the utilities, packages that we need are hosted on npm. It's a huge repo.

npm init - generates package.json which is a configuration for npm.
Most important dependency is bundler(for shipping to prod) - webpack, parcel, veet
React app uses webpack.

npm install -D parcel
-D tells that we need parcel in dev env only because bundling will be done before prod.


  "parcel": "^2.12.0" ^(safe to use) is for minor updates installing automatically
  ~ is for installing major version automatically.

package.json keeps a track of approx version(is a configuration).
package-lock.json keeps a track of the exact version of dependencies.
These 2 needs to pushed to git. Node modules can be generated by these 2 files.


Part 2
npx parcel index.html
To execute a package we use npx command

Instead of CDN links, lets install react using npm.
CDN method will make N/W call even if we have react in node_modules and also the version will be hard coded in the CDN URL.

npm i is short form of npm install

type="module" is added so that we can specify that it's not a normal script running and hence it is unblocked.

Hot deployment is also done by parcel.

Parcel 
1. Dev Build
2. Local server
3. HMR - Hot module replacement, it uses a file watching alog written in C++
4. Caching - Faster builds
5. Image optimizations
6. Minification
7. Bundle

npx parcel build index.html - will give error because package.json has App.js as entry point. Just remove that line.

To support previous versions of browsers, we use browserslist in package.json
